../BIOCOM
shortwave transmission intercepted@29mhz
meta3.date_stamp(560317.132250)

//transcript follows...

VOICE 1
You're listening to State of Truth AM. The only news source you can trust. Over the last few months, we've seen the NAM-V pandemic devastating our species. State of Truth was the first to tell you about this virus and by God I hope we'll be the first to tell you it's been cured; but until that day, we will continue with our mandate. The cold facts, no matter how difficult they might be to hear, brought to you, the people. I have a report in front of me from the last census. Now, I know I lot of people out there don't do the census. They already know enough about us, why give them more. But there are millions of people out there who fill these things in religiously, so they can be used as a good metric for where we were compared to where we are now. I also have a leaked copy of the CONDAM report filed just last month. CONDAM is the military statistics department. So, brace yourselves. The census report of 2050, just 3 years ago, reports the population of the United States to be 474 million. 474 million people, across the board. Acccurate to within 500,000 according to the government. The CONDAM report, filed in September 2053, reports the estimated population of the United States to be... ready for this... 302 million. Accurate to within 200,000, according to the Department of Defense. This is what we're dealing with. My friends, if it isn't clear to you by now that this thing is out of control, I don't know what's going to convince you. If you are sitting at home and waiting for the government to solve this thing, it ain't gonna happen. They are digging in, you hear me? They are, right now, devising plans to move the elite class into isolation to protect themselves, because they know the world is on fire. They can't stop this virus. They don't understand it, and they can't control it. It is up to you to protect yourselves from NAM-V. You need to isolate. Stock up on food and water, take every firearm and all the ammunition you can stuff in your pockets, and head for the hills. There is no one left to protect you. There never was. Switch off the goddamn television and... take.. action! It's not coming, it's HERE. If have any advice for listeners who don't know about survival, or you need some advice yourself, call us now. This is your town hall. The lines are open.

../BIOCOM.
.. transcript ends//
intercept log updated
alert system flagged